The Kane Chronicles

The first book in the series, The Red Pyramid, was released on May 4, 2010. 
The story is told as a transcription of a recording made by Sadie and Carter Kane, detailing the rise of the Egyptian gods in the modern world.

After a mysterious accident in a museum leaves their egyptologist father missing, 
siblings Carter and Sadie Kane are taken in by their uncle Amos and introduced to their
 family's long and proud tradition of magic. The duo discovers that they have been chosen 
as "hosts" by the gods Horus and Isis, respectively, and are hunted by the House of Life, 
the world's governing body of Egyptian magicians. They are being hunted by the house of life as 
they have forbidden magicians to follow the path of the gods. In Egyptian, the house of life translates to per ankh.
 As a result. Carter and Sadie learn that the god Set plans to destroy the North American continent using their father's power, 
and they embark on a quest to save him and prove their innocence and good intentions to the House. While on their quest, 
they learn that a greater threat is rising: Apophis.

The second book in the series, The Throne of Fire, was released on May 4, 2011. 
The book takes place roughly three months after the events of the first book, The Red Pyramid.

Carter and Sadie Kane have recruited several students to follow the path of the gods, but are still fugitives from the House of Life. 
The young magicians secretly plan to find the long-lost king of the gods, Ra, hoping he will help them fight Apophis, 
a powerful god of chaos who masterminded Set's scheme earlier that year (in The Red Pyramid). 
They journey across the world looking for three scrolls to awaken Ra's three aspects and to find Ra's location 
(as well as the location of a missing magician named Zia Rashid), and finally into the Duat to rescue Ra and 
drive Apophis further from the mortal world.

The third and last volume, The Serpent's Shadow, was released on May 1, 2012.

A few months after the events of the previous book, the House of Life is battling repeated invasions by the forces of chaos, 
leading the Kanes and their trainees to look desperately for a way to stop Apophis. They finally settle on a difficult method 
involving part of Apophis's soul (the Serpent's sheut) and go to great lengths to ensure they will be able to use the sheut 
to defeat Apophis successfully. With the help of all the gods, especially Ra (hosted by Zia Rashid), 
the Kane siblings are able to finally banish Apophis and save their friends, although their actions have the unintended consequence 
of driving the gods away from the mortal world.